GRPC-V2 : Get Next Account Sequence Number (#211)
Concordium/concordium-java-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased changes
- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Account Info
- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Account List

> - Added support for GRPC V2 Get Next Account Nonce Number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for GRPC V2 'GetNextAccountSequenceNumber' for acquiring the next available account nonce.
```
